README.md, before:

# ReflowMaster

Reflow Master is my open source toaster oven reflow controller that I also sell full assembled on tindie:
https://www.tindie.com/products/13378/

![Reflow Master](http://3sprockets.com.au/um/projects/reflowmaster/Pict_01.jpg)

It's custom hardware and custom code but all open source so if you want the challenge of making one yourself or you want to hack the code, go for it!

I have a live stream build of the board here if you want to see what's involved
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGQ-GZZ90oE


# ReflowMaster Design Files

Included in this repository:
- EagleCAD schematics and Board layout files (Eagle 9.1) 
- Exported Gerber files (Gerber 274X)
- STL files for the 3D printed case
- Adrduino code

# Open Source License
The hardware design files are released as open source under the CERN license. Please review the license before using these files in your own projects to understand your obligations.

# STL files for 3D printing
I have included the STL files for the case and also the exhaust fan adapter I made for my specific toaster oven. 

**NOTE:** Do not print the exhaust fan in PLA, please use PET-G or ABS as PLA warps/melts at a low temp. Also DO NOT connect the 3D printed exhaust fan directly to the metal of teh oven, it will melt and ruin your oven. You will need to add some heat resistant insulator between the metal and the 3D print. 

# Which TFT?
The TFT I am using is a 2.4" SPI TFT using the ILI9341 Driver available via...

AliExpress
http://s.click.aliexpress.com/e/bQYyZYRe

Ebay
https://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/705-53470-19255-0/1?icep_id=114&ipn=icep&toolid=20004&campid=5338252684&mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.com.au%2Fitm%2F2-4-240x320-SPI-TFT-LCD-Serial-240-320-ILI9341-PCB-Adapter-SD-Card-M52%2F291549777432%3FssPageName%3DSTRK%253AMEBIDX%253AIT%26_trksid%3Dp2057872.m2749.l2649

# SAMD21 Bootloader
If you build your own Reflow Master, you will need to use a SAMD21G18 that already has an Arduino bootloader on it *before* it is put on the board. If you need to add a bootloader, you'll need an ATMEL ICE and an adapter for the chip. The cheapest adapter you can get is my SAMD21G Mangler available here...
https://www.tindie.com/products/13379/

# Hacking the code - Adding profiles
You can flash your Reflow Master with the Arduino IDE using the code provided above.

If you wish to add or change any of the reflow profiles, you need to do so in the code and re-flash the changes to your Reflow Master.

The Reflow Master board works like an "Adafruit Feather M0" - so you'll need to have the Adafruit Cortex m0 hardware profiles installed as well as the regular Cortex m0 Arduino profiles.

![Reflow Master](http://3sprockets.com.au/um/projects/reflowmaster/Pict_03.jpg)

You can use the instructions here to install everything you need to get up and running in the Arduino IDE:
https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-feather-m0-basic-proto/setup

You will also need the following libraries installed
- Spline library http://github.com/kerinin/arduino-splines
- MAX31855 library by Rob Tillaart https://github.com/RobTillaart/Arduino/tree/master/libraries/MAX31855

Plus the following libraries from Library Manager
- One Button
- Adafruit_GFX
- Adafruit_ILI9341
- FlashStorage
   
The easiest way to put a new profile into the code is to change one of the existing profiles, by altering the values in it's class initialiser. Information of what each value is is available in the ReflowMasterProfile.h file:
https://github.com/UnexpectedMaker/ReflowMaster/blob/master/Code/Reflow_Master/ReflowMasterProfile.h
   
Enjoy!

# Support Unexpected Maker

I love designing, making and releasing our projects as open source. I do it because I believe it’s important to share knowledge and give back to the community, like many have done before me. It helps us all learn and grow.

That said, a lot of time, effort and finances have gone into designing and releasing these files, so please consider supporting me by buy some of my TiinyPICO products:

https://tinypico.com/shop

Or by buying one of our products on tindie:

https://www.tindie.com/stores/seonr/

Or by becoming a Patron:

https://www.patreon.com/unexpectedmaker


# Unexpected Maker
http://youtube.com/c/unexpectedmaker

http://twitter.com/unexpectedmaker

https://www.facebook.com/unexpectedmaker/

https://www.instagram.com/unexpectedmaker/

Commit message:

Added version 2.0.0 project code with new bake feature!

README.md, after:

# ReflowMaster

Reflow Master is my open source toaster oven reflow controller that I also sell full assembled on tindie:
https://www.tindie.com/products/13378/

![Reflow Master](http://3sprockets.com.au/um/projects/reflowmaster/Pict_01.jpg)

It's custom hardware and custom code but all open source so if you want the challenge of making one yourself or you want to hack the code, go for it!

I have a live stream build of the board here if you want to see what's involved
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGQ-GZZ90oE


# ReflowMaster Design Files

Included in this repository:
- EagleCAD schematics and Board layout files (Eagle 9.1) 
- Exported Gerber files (Gerber 274X)
- STL files for the 3D printed case
- Adrduino code

# Open Source License
The hardware design files are released as open source under the CERN license. Please review the license before using these files in your own projects to understand your obligations.

# STL files for 3D printing
I have included the STL files for the case and also the exhaust fan adapter I made for my specific toaster oven. 

**NOTE:** Do not print the exhaust fan in PLA, please use PET-G or ABS as PLA warps/melts at a low temp. Also DO NOT connect the 3D printed exhaust fan directly to the metal of teh oven, it will melt and ruin your oven. You will need to add some heat resistant insulator between the metal and the 3D print. 

# Which TFT?
The TFT I am using is a 2.4" SPI TFT using the ILI9341 Driver available via...

AliExpress
http://s.click.aliexpress.com/e/bQYyZYRe

Ebay
https://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/705-53470-19255-0/1?icep_id=114&ipn=icep&toolid=20004&campid=5338252684&mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.com.au%2Fitm%2F2-4-240x320-SPI-TFT-LCD-Serial-240-320-ILI9341-PCB-Adapter-SD-Card-M52%2F291549777432%3FssPageName%3DSTRK%253AMEBIDX%253AIT%26_trksid%3Dp2057872.m2749.l2649

# SAMD21 Bootloader
If you build your own Reflow Master, you will need to use a SAMD21G18 that already has an Arduino bootloader on it *before* it is put on the board. If you need to add a bootloader, you'll need an ATMEL ICE and an adapter for the chip. The cheapest adapter you can get is my SAMD21G Mangler available here...
https://www.tindie.com/products/13379/

# Updating firmware & Adding profiles - for Version 2.0.0
You can flash your Reflow Master with the Arduino IDE using the code provided above.

If you wish to add or change any of the reflow profiles, you need to do so in the code and re-flash the changes to your Reflow Master.

The Reflow Master board works like an "Adafruit Feather M0" - so you'll need to have the Adafruit Cortex m0 hardware profiles installed as well as the regular Cortex m0 Arduino profiles.

![Reflow Master](http://3sprockets.com.au/um/projects/reflowmaster/Pict_03.jpg)

You can use the instructions here to install everything you need to get up and running in the Arduino IDE:
https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-feather-m0-basic-proto/setup

You will also need the following libraries from Library Manager
- One Button
- Adafruit_GFX
- Adafruit_ILI9341

Once you have everything you need, you can download the code from this repo and put it into the Arduino folder where your sketches are stored, load the sketch, select Adafruit Feather M0 from the boards list, plug in your RM and turn it on, and select the correct port from the ports list and flash.
   
The easiest way to put a new profile into the code is to change one of the existing profiles, by altering the values in it's class initialiser. Information of what each value is is available in the ReflowMasterProfile.h file:
https://github.com/UnexpectedMaker/ReflowMaster/blob/master/Code/Reflow_Master_v2/ReflowMasterProfile.h
   
Enjoy!

# Support Unexpected Maker

I love designing, making and releasing our projects as open source. I do it because I believe it’s important to share knowledge and give back to the community, like many have done before me. It helps us all learn and grow.

That said, a lot of time, effort and finances have gone into designing and releasing these files, so please consider supporting me by buy some of my TiinyPICO products:

https://unexpectedmaker.com/shop

Or by buying one of our products on tindie:

https://www.tindie.com/stores/seonr/

Or by becoming a Patron:

https://www.patreon.com/unexpectedmaker


# Unexpected Maker
http://youtube.com/c/unexpectedmaker

http://twitter.com/unexpectedmaker

https://www.facebook.com/unexpectedmaker/

https://www.instagram.com/unexpectedmaker/
