Code/README.rst, before:

Reflow Master Arduino Code
==========================

In this repository you'll find the Reflow Master code for Arduino

Open Source License
-------------------

These files are released as open source under the MIT license. Please review the license before using these files in your own projects to understand your obligations.

Support Unexpected Maker
------------------------

We love designing, making and releasing our projects as open source. We do it because we believe it’s important to share knowledge and give back to the community, like many have done before us. It helps us all learn and grow.

That said, a lot of time, effort and finances have gone into designing and releasing these files, so please consider supporting us and following us on social media

Grab a TinyPICO:

https://www.crowdsupply.com/unexpected-maker/tinypico

Or by buy one of our products on tindie:

https://www.tindie.com/stores/seonr/

Or become a Patron:

https://www.patreon.com/unexpectedmaker


Unexpected Maker
===================
http://youtube.com/c/unexpectedmaker

http://twitter.com/unexpectedmaker

https://www.facebook.com/unexpectedmaker/

https://www.instagram.com/unexpectedmaker/

Commit message:

Fixed probe temp offset not being changeable in settings Added version history to readme

Code/README.rst, after:

Reflow Master Arduino Code
==========================

In this repository you'll find the Reflow Master code for Arduino

HISTORY:
01/08/2018 v1.0   - Initial release.
13/08/2018 v1.01  - Settings UI button now change to show SELECT or CHANGE depending on what is selected
27/08/2018 v1.02  - Added tangents to the curve for ESP32 support, Improved graph curves, fixed some UI glitches, made end graph time value be the end profile time
28/08/2018 v1.03  - Added some graph smoothing
20/05/2019 v1.04  - Increased max curve to support profiles up to 8mins
                - Added fan on time after reflow for cooldown settings
                - Added extra profile for Ju Feng Medium temp paste
09/07/2019 v1.05  - Fixed some bugs, Thanks Tablatronix!
16/09/2019 v1.06  - Fixed probe offset temp not changing in settings

Open Source License
-------------------

These files are released as open source under the MIT license. Please review the license before using these files in your own projects to understand your obligations.

Support Unexpected Maker
------------------------

We love designing, making and releasing our projects as open source. We do it because we believe it’s important to share knowledge and give back to the community, like many have done before us. It helps us all learn and grow.

That said, a lot of time, effort and finances have gone into designing and releasing these files, so please consider supporting us and following us on social media

Grab a TinyPICO:

https://www.crowdsupply.com/unexpected-maker/tinypico

Or by buy one of our products on tindie:

https://www.tindie.com/stores/seonr/

Or become a Patron:

https://www.patreon.com/unexpectedmaker


Unexpected Maker
===================
http://youtube.com/c/unexpectedmaker

http://twitter.com/unexpectedmaker

https://www.facebook.com/unexpectedmaker/

https://www.instagram.com/unexpectedmaker/
